verification: add PolicyBuilder API (#9601)
pyca/cryptography: docs/x509/verification.rst

    :param certs: A list of one or more :class:`~cryptography.x509.Certificate`
        instances.

.. class:: Subject

    .. versionadded:: 42.0.0

    Type alias: A union of all subject types supported:
    :class:`cryptography.x509.general_name.DNSName`,
    :class:`cryptography.x509.general_name.IPAddress`.

.. class:: PolicyBuilder

    .. versionadded:: 42.0.0

    A PolicyBuilder provides a builder-style interface for constructing a

>     Policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Verifier.
```

    .. method:: time(new_time)

        Sets the policy's verification time.

        :param new_time: The :class:`datetime.datetime` to use in the policy

        :returns: A new instance of :class:`PolicyBuilder`

    .. method:: build_server_verifier(subject)

>         Builds a server verifier from this builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Builds a verifier for verifying server certificates.
```

>         :param subject: An optional :class:`Subject` to use in the policy

Reviewer: This isn't optional?

>         :param subject: An optional :class:`Subject` to use in the policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        :param subject: A :class:`Subject` to use in the policy
```

    :param certs: A list of one or more :class:`~cryptography.x509.Certificate`
        instances.

.. class:: Subject

    .. versionadded:: 42.0.0

    Type alias: A union of all subject types supported:
    :class:`cryptography.x509.general_name.DNSName`,
    :class:`cryptography.x509.general_name.IPAddress`.

.. class:: PolicyBuilder

    .. versionadded:: 42.0.0

    A PolicyBuilder provides a builder-style interface for constructing a
    Policy.

    .. classmethod:: webpki

        Creates a new :class:`PolicyBuilder` with defaults for the Web PKI,
        i.e. client verification of web server TLS certificates.

> 

Reviewer: Let's not include this yet.

Author: https://github.com/pyca/cryptography/pull/9601/commits/2d857e258ac7e942f277dc4e7b5ec8d363a0fd72

    .. method:: subject(new_subject)

        Sets the policy's subject name.

        :param new_subject: The :class:`Subject` to use in the policy

        :returns: A new instance of :class:`PolicyBuilder`

> 

Reviewer: My recollection is that what we discussed was having `build_server_policy()` and `build_client_policy()` and subject would be passed to `build_server_policy()`.

Author: https://github.com/pyca/cryptography/pull/9601/commits/9aec060009b03117bafa21b6d94bceed0beffedf
